EDM-552: support for additional cli formats (#1629)
flightctl/flightctl: docs/user/managing-devices.md

54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg  <none>   <none>  Online  Up-to-date  <none>        3 seconds ago
```

> You can see the details of specific devices using any of these formats:
> 
> ```console
> # Single device using slash format
> flightctl get device/54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg -o yaml
> 
> # Single device using space format
> flightctl get device 54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg -o yaml
> 
> # Multiple devices by name
> flightctl get devices device1 device2 device3

Reviewer: This mixes the aspect of printing a specific device / list of devices with the aspect of output format, and then this no longer connects with the following example. How about:

```suggestion
You can see one or more specific devices in the inventory using any of these formats:

```console
# Single device using slash format
flightctl get device/54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg

# Single device using space format
flightctl get device 54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg

# Multiple devices by name
flightctl get devices device1 device2 device3
```

To see the details of a single device or list of devices in YAML or JSON formats, you can specify the `-o yaml` or `-o json` flags, respectively, e.g. 

```console
flightctl get device/54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg -o yaml
